# BodApp- this is for the Driver's app
For-hire and e-hailing transport services are an essential component of well-functioning metropolitan areas. They deliver convenient door-to-door trips for those who either punctually or regularly require such services. Motorbikes are a commonly used means of transport in Kenya because they offer cheap and affordable transport services. In addition, they can manoeuvre through traffic easily and are available in almost every town in the country. 
The flow of the app-based dispatch system on mobile phones starts when a passenger books a motorbike from a licenced rider using the e-hail application. The app in turn communicates the passenger’s details such as location, name, phone number and available routes among others to the rider via Global Positioning System (GPS). The app automatically chooses the rider who is in closest proximity to the passenger.
Once a ride request is matched by the platform, the prospective passenger can monitor the progress of the motorbike to the pick-up point on his/her smartphone alongside the name of the rider and certain identifying features like the make of the motorbike and its licence plate number. Information regarding the estimated arrival time and route is displayed in real-time to the passenger while underway and once the motorbike arrives at its destination, the passenger exits without handling any money since the platform automatically processes the payment to the rider taking a percentage of the overall fare.
